Website Navigation
 The website is divided into three main sections: Home, About, and Contact.
 The Home section is the main landing page for the website. It includes a brief overview of the website and its features.
 The About section provides more detailed information about the website and its team.
 The Contact section provides contact information for the website's team.

Content Updates
 To update the content on the website, you will need to access the website's backend. You can do this by using a web browser to navigate to the website's URL followed by "/admin".
 Once you have accessed the backend, you will be able to see a list of all of the website's pages. You can edit any of these pages by clicking on the "Edit" button next to the page's name.
 After you have made your edits, you will need to click on the "Save" button to save your changes.

Dependency Updates
 The website uses a number of dependencies, including libraries and frameworks. If you need to update any of these dependencies, you will need to access the website's backend. You can do this by using a web browser to navigate to the website's URL followed by "/admin".
 Once you have accessed the backend, you will be able to see a list of all of the website's dependencies. You can update any of these dependencies by clicking on the "Update" button next to the dependency's name.
 After you have updated the dependency, you will need to click on the "Save" button to save your changes.

Chatbot Deployment
 To deploy the chatbot, you will need to access the website's backend. You can do this by using a web browser to navigate to the website's URL followed by "/admin".
 Once you have accessed the backend, you will be able to see a section called "Chatbot". In this section, you will be able to configure the chatbot's settings.
 After you have configured the chatbot's settings, you will need to click on the "Deploy" button to deploy the chatbot.

Chatbot Updates
 To update the chatbot, you will need to access the website's backend. You can do this by using a web browser to navigate to the website's URL followed by "/admin".
 Once you have accessed the backend, you will be able to see a section called "Chatbot". In this section, you will be able to edit the chatbot's conversation flow.
 After you have edited the chatbot's conversation flow, you will need to click on the "Save" button to save your changes.

Chatbot Dependencies
 The chatbot uses a number of dependencies, including libraries and frameworks. If you need to update any of these dependencies, you will need to access the website's backend. You can do this by using a web browser to navigate to the website's URL followed by "/admin".
 Once you have accessed the backend, you will be able to see a section called "Chatbot". In this section, you will be able to update the chatbot's dependencies.
 After you have updated the chatbot's dependencies, you will need to click on the "Save" button to save your changes.
